README.md, before:

# WenkPortfolio

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 18.2.2.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.

Commit message:

Add loading placeholder and readme

README.md, after:

# Portfolio of Silvan Wenk

Hello my friend, thank you for dropping by. I realized this website as a little side-project, don't expect big tech and great changes all the time. Anyway, the website was built with Angular 18, TailwindCSS and ExpressJS. All the data is stored in a yaml file as you might have already seen.

## Changelog
- v1.0.1: Adds readme, improve image aspect ratios and improve styling
- v1.0.0: Adds proper text and improves layout
- v0.1.0: Basic layout and styling

## Run locally
To run the project locally, make sure to install the Angular CLI and NodeJS. Also, there are a few code changes necessary:
1. functions/index.js: Change line 10 to 'origin: "http://localhost:4200",'
2. functions/index.js: Change line 29 to 'app.listen(port, () => {
    console.log("App listening on port ", port)
})'
3. src/app/api.service.ts: Change line 8 to 'baseUrl = "http://localhost:3000/"'

## Backend Developement server

Navigate to functions/ and run `node index.js`

### Frontend Development server

Navigate to project root and run `npm start` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Deploy

1. Make sure you are logged into your Firebase CLI.
2. Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.
3. Run `firebase deploy`

## Author

The code was written 100% by me, silvan.wenk@gmail.com. Please contact me if you have any questions or if you just want to get in touch.
